docs/guide/elements/animated-sprite/index.md, before:

# AnimatedSprite

Creates a [AnimatedSprite](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.AnimatedSprite.html)

A simple way to display an animation depicted by a list of textures.

I recommend using spritesheets created by TexturePacker ([they have a great tutorial on it](https://www.codeandweb.com/texturepacker/tutorials/how-to-create-sprite-sheets-and-animations-with-pixijs)). If you don’t want to use spritesheets, you can simply just pass in an array of your desired textures.

## Spritesheet

<demo src="./demo/spritesheet.vue" />

## Multiple Animations from Spritesheet

<demo src="./demo/multiple-animations.vue" />

## API

### AnimatedSprite Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| anchor | <api-point /> | — | The anchor sets the origin point of the text. |
| anchorX | ^[number] | `0` | The x anchor sets the origin point of the text. |
| anchorY | ^[number] | `0` | The y anchor sets the origin point of the text. |
| textures | ^[array]`Array<Texture \| string>` | — | The textures to use for the animation |
| animationSpeed | ^[number] | `1` | The speed that the AnimatedSprite will play at. Higher is faster, lower is slower |
| blendMode | ^[number] [BLEND_MODES](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.html#BLEND_MODES) | — | The blend mode to be applied to the sprite. |
| loop | ^[boolean] | `true` | Whether or not the animate sprite repeats after playing. |
| playing | ^[boolean] | `false` | Whether or not the animation is playing. |

> more props in [PIXI.AnimatedSprite](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.AnimatedSprite.html)

### AnimatedSprite Events

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| loop | ^[function]`():void` | when the AnimatedSprite finishes playing. |
| frame-change | ^[function]`(index: number):void` | when the AnimatedSprite changes to a new frame. |
| complete | ^[function]`():void` | when the AnimatedSprite finishes playing. |
<!-- | on-update:current-frame | ^[function]`(index: number):void` | when the AnimatedSprite changes to a new frame. | -->
| render | ^[function]`(inst: AnimatedSprite): void` | custom rendering listener |

Commit message:

docs(animated-sprite): add default values and update related links
This commit adds default values to the anchor and textures props in the AnimatedSprite documentation. It also updates the link to reference both Container Props and Container Events, which are inherited by AnimatedSprite. The commit message gives a brief summary of the changes made.

> more props in [Container Props](/guide/elements/container/#container-props) and [PIXI.AnimatedSprite](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.AnimatedSprite.html)
> more events in [Container Events](/guide/elements/container/#container-events)

docs/guide/elements/animated-sprite/index.md, after:

# AnimatedSprite

Creates a [AnimatedSprite](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.AnimatedSprite.html)

A simple way to display an animation depicted by a list of textures.

I recommend using spritesheets created by TexturePacker ([they have a great tutorial on it](https://www.codeandweb.com/texturepacker/tutorials/how-to-create-sprite-sheets-and-animations-with-pixijs)). If you don’t want to use spritesheets, you can simply just pass in an array of your desired textures.

## Spritesheet

<demo src="./demo/spritesheet.vue" />

## Multiple Animations from Spritesheet

<demo src="./demo/multiple-animations.vue" />

## API

### AnimatedSprite Props

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| anchor | <api-point /> | `0` | The anchor sets the origin point of the text. |
| anchorX | ^[number] | `0` | The x anchor sets the origin point of the text. |
| anchorY | ^[number] | `0` | The y anchor sets the origin point of the text. |
| textures | ^[array]`Array<Texture \| string>` | `undefined` | The textures to use for the animation |
| animationSpeed | ^[number] | `1` | The speed that the AnimatedSprite will play at. Higher is faster, lower is slower |
| blendMode | ^[number] [BLEND_MODES](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.html#BLEND_MODES) | `BLEND_MODES.NORMAL` | The blend mode to be applied to the sprite. |
| loop | ^[boolean] | `true` | Whether or not the animate sprite repeats after playing. |
| playing | ^[boolean] | `false` | Whether or not the animation is playing. |

> more props in [Container Props](/guide/elements/container/#container-props) and [PIXI.AnimatedSprite](https://pixijs.download/release/docs/PIXI.AnimatedSprite.html)

### AnimatedSprite Events

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| loop | ^[function]`():void` | when the AnimatedSprite finishes playing. |
| frame-change | ^[function]`(index: number):void` | when the AnimatedSprite changes to a new frame. |
| complete | ^[function]`():void` | when the AnimatedSprite finishes playing. |
| render | ^[function]`(inst: AnimatedSprite): void` | custom rendering listener |
<!-- | on-update:current-frame | ^[function]`(index: number):void` | when the AnimatedSprite changes to a new frame. | -->

> more events in [Container Events](/guide/elements/container/#container-events)

## AnimatedSprite Slots

| Name | Type | Description |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| default | |  |
